Feature - Dynamic way of adding banners/images (#27)
vtex-apps/store-image: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed
- `list-context.image-list` has been refactored to use the `image-list` with a `list-context`

### Added

> - `image-list` is now a simple list of images that can be editable from the admin panel 

Reviewer: ~This can go below `Changed` too. No need for this `Added` section~
This text could be something along the lines of 

"An `image-list` component which is a simple list of images that can be modified via Site Editor"

Reviewer 2: @victorhmp That is a new component, it should be under Added

> - `image-list` is now a simple list of images that can be editable from the admin panel 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `image-list` new block that renders a simple list of images that can be editable from the admin panel 
```
